change MFA guide to single page (#2648)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/mfa/main/index.md

---
title: Add multifactor authentication
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Use this guide to learn how to add multifactor authentication to your apps and how to deploy our built-in factors or integrate with existing tokens.
layout: Guides
---

> It is quickly becoming the standard for application developers and organizations to implement multifactor authentication (MFA) to add an extra layer of security to their applications. In this guide, we provide an example of how to use Okta's Factors API to add an additional factor for a user. Okta gives you the flexibility to deploy our built-in factors or integrate with existing tokens. Native factors include SMS and the Okta Verify app for iOS and Android. Integrations include Google Authenticator, RSA SecurID, Symantec VIP, and Duo Security.

Reviewer: Chris: I know you didn't write this, but while we're under the hood...
```suggestion
It is quickly becoming the standard for app developers and organizations to implement multifactor authentication (MFA) to add an extra layer of security to their apps. In this guide, we provide an example of how to use Okta's Factors API to add an additional factor for a user. Okta gives you the flexibility to deploy our built-in factors or integrate with existing tokens. Native factors include SMS and the Okta Verify app for iOS and Android. Integrations include Google Authenticator, RSA SecurID, Symantec VIP, and Duo Security.
```

## Create a test user

Create a new user in Okta to test your MFA setup:

1. Open the **Users (Okta API)** collection in Postman and then the **Create User** folder.
1. Select the **Create User without Credentials** request template. The request template appears on the right.
1. Select the **Body** tab and enter the first name, last name, and email address for your new user. Use the email for the `login` property.
1. Click **Send**. A successful request results in an HTTP status code of `200` and a JSON payload response.
1. Save the value of the User `id` that is returned in the response.

## Enroll a factor

You are now ready to enroll an additional factor for the user that you created.

<StackSelector snippet="enrollfactor" />

## Activate the factor

After enrolling a factor for the Okta user, the next step is for the user to activate their factor.

<StackSelector snippet="activatefactor" />

## Verify the factor

Now that the factor has been enrolled and activated, you can verify that the factor works as intended.

<StackSelector snippet="verifyfactor" />

## Next steps

> At this point, you should understand how to use the Okta API to add MFA to an existing application. You can learn more about using the Okta MFA API using the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you should understand how to use the Okta API to add MFA to an existing app. You can learn more about using the Okta MFA API using the following resources:
```
